cloud: add data import access denied troubleshoot (#9459) (#9564)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-sample-data.md

        - **Password**: enter your root password.
    - **DB/Tables Filter**: leave this field blank.

>     Then, click **Validate** to verify whether TiDB Cloud has the access to the sample data in the specified bucket URL. If you have encountered the `AccessDenied` error after clicking **Validate**, see [Troubleshoot Permission Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-permission-error.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Then, click **Validate** to verify whether TiDB Cloud has the access to the sample data in the specified bucket URL. If you encounter the `AccessDenied` error after clicking **Validate**, see [Troubleshoot Permission Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-permission-error.md).
```
